Added information + Typo fixes (#20173)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/accessibility/wai-aria_basics/index.md

[WAI-ARIA](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-1.1/) (Web Accessibility Initiative - Accessible Rich Internet Applications) is a specification written by the W3C, defining a set of additional HTML attributes that can be applied to elements to provide additional semantics and improve accessibility wherever it is lacking. There are three main features defined in the spec:

> - **[Roles](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles)** — These define what an element is or does. Many of these are so-called landmark roles, which largely duplicate the semantic value of structural elements, such as `role="navigation"` ({{htmlelement("nav")}}) or `role="complementary"` ({{htmlelement("aside")}}). Some other roles describe different page structures, such as `role="banner"`, `role="search"`, `role="tablist"`, and `role="tab"`, which are commonly found in UIs.

Reviewer: change `tab` to `tabpanel` as `tab` is role that represents a control, which is out of place in this list.  `tabpanel` represents a container element, so it is better suited here.

```suggestion
- **[Roles](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles)** — These define what an element is or does. Many of these are so-called landmark roles, which largely duplicate the semantic value of structural elements, such as `role="navigation"` ({{htmlelement("nav")}}) or `role="complementary"` ({{htmlelement("aside")}}). Some other roles describe different page structures, such as `role="banner"`, `role="search"`, `role="tablist"`, and `role="tabpanel"`, which are commonly found in UIs.
```

Author: I committed your suggestion. Thanks for the help!

Next, you need to worry about whether the browsers in question support ARIA features and expose them via their APIs, but also whether screen readers recognize that information and present it to their users in a useful way.

> 1. Browser support is almost universal).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Browser support is almost universal.
```

> 1. Browser support is almost universal, as stated by [caniuse.com](https://caniuse.com/#feat=wai-aria).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Browser support is almost universal, according to [caniuse.com](https://caniuse.com/#feat=wai-aria).
```

Reviewer 2: Note that caniuse.com use our data to know which browser support what, so I think we just need to say:
```suggestion
1. Browser support is almost universal.
```

> 1. Browser support is almost universal, according to [caniuse.com](https://caniuse.com/#feat=wai-aria).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Browser support is almost universal).
```

> 1. Browser support is generally quite good — at the time of writing, [caniuse.com](https://caniuse.com/#feat=wai-aria) stated that global browser support for WAI-ARIA was around 88% (98.57% as of August 2022).

Reviewer 3: 98.57% is almost universal (>95%). We don't need to mention the number anymore.

Author: Makes sense. Should I change it?

Reviewer 2: Yes, please.

Author: This should be complete now. I'm still new to GitHub, but I committed  the suggestions from other members and made some changes myself. Do I click on "resolve conversation"?
